README.md, before:

<p align=center>
<img height="90px" src="https://github.com/axelpey/natural-frontend/assets/1381992/a11640b3-77af-4780-b40a-e3695a265091" alt="Natural Frontend Logo" />

<p align=center>
<b>From backend to frontend with one line</b> <br /> Don't waste hours generating a frontend for your users.

<p align=center>
<img height="240px" src="https://github.com/axelpey/natural-frontend/assets/1381992/87ccd4f5-f3a1-404e-940e-a92a7a1f47cc" alt="NF Usage" />

<p align=center>
<img width="600px" alt="NF Screenshot" src="https://github.com/axelpey/natural-frontend/assets/1381992/355d8553-50c1-48ac-be90-18b058eebc93">

## Features

- Natural Frontend understands your codebase and the potential user personas for your product.
- On the `/frontend` endpoint, select a user personas and NF generates a tailored frontend.

*Coming soon*:
- Save your generated frontends to modify them later.
- Use local models instead of openai.

## Usage

### Installation

`pip install natural-frontend`

### Add to your code

Just add one-line to your api project:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from natural_frontend import NaturalFrontend

openai_key = "sk-..."

app = FastAPI()
app = NaturalFrontend(app, openai_key)

@app.get("/books")
async def get_books():
    return books_db


@app.post("/books")
async def add_book(book: Book):
    books_db.append(book.dict())
    return {"message": "Book added successfully"}

class Book(BaseModel):
    id: int
    title: str
    author: str
    genre: str
```

## Development

We're happy to get contributors working with us! Follow the instructions below to quickly setup yo

### Running the Application
0. *(Optional)* Use virtualenv to quickly setup your environment:
   `virtualenv venv && source venv/bin/activate`

1. Install the required packages:
   `pip install -r requirements.txt`

2. Run the example application:
   `uvicorn app.main:app --reload`

### (With Docker)

1. Make sure you have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) installed

2. Run `docker compose up --build`

Commit message:

Update README.md with installation and options instructions

README.md, after:

<p align=center>
<img height="90px" src="https://github.com/axelpey/natural-frontend/assets/1381992/a11640b3-77af-4780-b40a-e3695a265091" alt="Natural Frontend Logo" />

<p align=center>
<b>From backend to frontend with one line</b> <br /> Don't waste hours generating a frontend for your users.

<p align=center>
<img height="240px" src="https://github.com/axelpey/natural-frontend/assets/1381992/87ccd4f5-f3a1-404e-940e-a92a7a1f47cc" alt="NF Usage" />

<p align=center>
<img width="600px" alt="NF Screenshot" src="https://github.com/axelpey/natural-frontend/assets/1381992/355d8553-50c1-48ac-be90-18b058eebc93">

## Features

- Natural Frontend understands your codebase and the potential user personas for your product.
- On the `/frontend` endpoint, select a user personas and NF generates a tailored frontend.

*Coming soon*:
- Save your generated frontends to modify them later.
- Use local models instead of openai.

## Usage

### ⬇️ Installation

With pip: `pip install natural-frontend`

### ➕ Add to your code

Just add one-line to your api project:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from natural_frontend import NaturalFrontend

openai_key = "sk-..."

app = FastAPI()
app = NaturalFrontend(app, openai_key)

@app.get("/books")
async def get_books():
    return books_db


@app.post("/books")
async def add_book(book: Book):
    books_db.append(book.dict())
    return {"message": "Book added successfully"}

class Book(BaseModel):
    id: int
    title: str
    author: str
    genre: str
```

### ⚙️ Options

You can provide options to customize your Natural Frontend:

```python
nf_options = NaturalFrontendOptions(
   colors={"primary": "lightblue", "secondary": "purple"},
   personas=[{"Bookworm": "Loves to look for new books"}],
   cache_expiry_time=600,
   frontend_endpoint="frontend",
)

app = NaturalFrontend(app, openai_key, nf_options)
```

Documentation of options:
- `colors`: Customize the colors of the frontend. Use two keys: "primary" and "secondary".
- `personas`: Add custom personas for your frontend. NF will guess more until there's 5 personas.
- `cache_expiry_time`: Set the time in seconds before the generation cache expires.
- `frontend_endpoint`: Change the endpoint of the frontend.

### 🚀 Run your server

Run your server and go to `http://

## Development

We're happy to get contributors working with us! Follow the instructions below to quickly setup yo

### Running the Application
0. *(Optional)* Use virtualenv to quickly setup your environment:
   `virtualenv venv && source venv/bin/activate`

1. Install the required packages:
   `pip install -r requirements.txt`

2. Run the example application:
   `uvicorn app.main:app --reload`

### (With Docker)

1. Make sure you have [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) installed

2. Run `docker compose up --build`
